Custom Domains for Link Shortening - MERGE 3/1 (#4882)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/sms/campaign/link_shortening.md

![][6]

## Custom domains

> Braze Link Shortening also allows you to use your own domain to personalize the look and feel of your shortened URLs, helping portray a consistent brand image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Link shortening also allows you to use your own domain to personalize the look and feel of your shortened URLs, helping portray a consistent brand image.
```

{% alert note %}

> Contact your Braze account manager if you are interested in getting started with Custom Domains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contact your Braze account manager if you're interested in getting started with custom domains.
```

{% endalert %}

Once configured, custom domains can be assigned to one or multiple SMS subscription groups. 

> ![][7]

Author: ```suggestion
![Subscription groups settings that allow you to select a link-shortening domain.][7]
```

> Campaigns sent with Link Shortening enabled will use the assigned domain associated with your SMS subscription group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Campaigns sent with link shortening enabled will use the assigned domain associated with your SMS subscription group.
```
